docs: update code examples to the v2 SDKs (#3066)
modelcontextprotocol/modelcontextprotocol: docs/extensions/auth/oauth-client-credentials.mdx

<Tab title="Python">

```python

> import httpx

Reviewer: The v2 Python SDK's HTTP dependency is `httpx2` (`mcp` requires `httpx2>=2.5.0`, and `streamable_http_client` types `http_client` as `httpx2.AsyncClient`), so this snippet won't run as written.

```suggestion
import httpx2
```

from mcp import Client
from mcp.client.auth.extensions.client_credentials import (
    ClientCredentialsOAuthProvider,
)
from mcp.client.streamable_http import streamable_http_client
from mcp.shared.auth import OAuthClientInformationFull, OAuthToken

class InMemoryTokenStorage:
    def __init__(self) -> None:
        self.tokens: OAuthToken | None = None
        self.client_info: OAuthClientInformationFull | None = None

    async def get_tokens(self) -> OAuthToken | None:
        return self.tokens

    async def set_tokens(self, tokens: OAuthToken) -> None:
        self.tokens = tokens

    async def get_client_info(self) -> OAuthClientInformationFull | None:
        return self.client_info

    async def set_client_info(self, client_info: OAuthClientInformationFull) -> None:
        self.client_info = client_info

provider = ClientCredentialsOAuthProvider(
    server_url="https://mcp.example.com/mcp",
    storage=InMemoryTokenStorage(),
    client_id="my-service",
    client_secret="s3cr3t",
    scopes="read write",
)

> async with httpx.AsyncClient(auth=provider) as http_client:

Reviewer: `ClientCredentialsOAuthProvider` is an `httpx2.Auth`, so the client here needs to be `httpx2` too. The SDK's own client-credentials examples also set `follow_redirects=True`.

```suggestion
async with httpx2.AsyncClient(auth=provider, follow_redirects=True) as http_client:
```

<Tab title="Python">

```python

> import httpx

Reviewer: Same `httpx2` swap here, `PrivateKeyJWTOAuthProvider` is also built on `httpx2.Auth`.

```suggestion
import httpx2
```

provider = PrivateKeyJWTOAuthProvider(
    server_url="https://mcp.example.com/mcp",
    storage=InMemoryTokenStorage(),
    client_id="my-service",
    assertion_provider=jwt_params.create_assertion_provider(),
    scopes="read write",
)

> async with httpx.AsyncClient(auth=provider) as http_client:

Reviewer: And the matching client, with `follow_redirects=True` as in the SDK examples.

```suggestion
async with httpx2.AsyncClient(auth=provider, follow_redirects=True) as http_client:
```
